# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements-dev.txt --python-version 3.12 --all-extras
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.9
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
black==24.10.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
coverage==7.6.1
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via joserfc
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi==0.115.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.5
    # via fastapi
filelock==3.16.1
    # via virtualenv
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
identify==2.6.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via fastapi
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
joserfc==1.0.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via mistral-common
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.3
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.2
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.2.2
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.132
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistral-common==1.4.4
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   mistral-common
openai==1.51.2
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==10.4.0
    # via mistral-common
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.0.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mistral-common
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pypdf==5.0.1
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-snapshot
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pytest-env==1.1.5
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
pytest-snapshot==0.9.0
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.10
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   mistral-common
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.8.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.6.9
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via mistral-common
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.40.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
    #   mistral-common
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via openai
typer==0.12.5
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   mistral-common
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
uv==0.4.20
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
uvicorn==0.31.0
    # via
    #   mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
virtualenv==20.26.6
    # via pre-commit
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via mucgpt (pyproject.toml)
yarl==1.12.1
    # via aiohttp
